Leonard : Well , there was this girl.(有这么一个姑娘)
Penny : What did you do?(你干什么了?)
Leonard : Nothing.
Leonard : Really , it was just kissing . (真的,直接就接吻了而已)
Penny : All right.
Leonard : So , we're still getting married?(我们还是会结婚的吧)
Penny : Yes.
Leonard : Because we love each other.
Penny : Yes.
Leonard : And it's the happiest day of our life.(这是我们这辈子最开心的一天)
Penny : Don't push it.(别得寸直尺)

Amy : I need some time to take a step back and reevaluate our situation .(我需要一些时间缓一缓 后退一步 重新评估一下我们的状况)
Sheldon : Oh.
Amy : Bye . Sheldon.

Sheldon : Well , Gollum(魔戒角色) , you are an expert on rings.(你是戒指专家)
			 What do I do with this one ?(你说我该拿这枚戒指怎么办呢?)
			 
Penny : So , what package are you thinking ? (你觉得哪个婚礼套餐好)
Leonard : Mm , this one comes with music and flowers .(这个套餐有音乐和花呢) 
			Oh , they even stream the whole thing live on the Internet.(而且还能在网上直播我们的婚礼)
						(stream ... on the Internet 在网上直播)
Penny : Why would we want that?(我们直播了干嘛?)
Leonard : Cause there's a lot of gorgeous['ɡɔrdʒəs] blondes[blɑnd] out there who don't believe they can land a short , nearsighted scientist . Let's give them hope.
		(因为那里有很多金发美女不相信自己能有幸找到一个四眼短腿科学家,让他们看到还有希望嘛)		
Penny : Whatever , Put us on the Internet . (随便,网上直播就直播吧)
		I've always wanted a wedding with a comment section.(我从小就 梦想 自己的婚礼有个留言区)
Leonard : I-If you're not into this , we can do it another time .(如果你不想 , 我们可以以后再结)
Penny : No . No , I want to.
		Look , we've put this off long enough.(这事我们已经拖得很久了)
		Let's do it.
Leonard : That's exactly what you said the first time we slept together .
		(我们第一次睡的时候,你也说现在就做吧)
Leonard : Oh . excuse me .(抱歉)

Leonard : Is Sheldon .
Sheldon : Leonard . have you gotten married yet?(你结完婚了吗?)
Leonard : NO , why ?
Sheldon : Good , don't do it !
Leonard : Why nor ?
Sheldon : Some important new imformation has come to light .Woment are the worst.(我刚发现了重要的新资讯.女人最坏了)
			I thought it was paper cuts , but I was wrong .(我本以为就像被纸割到手,但我错了)
			No piece of paper ever cut me this deep.(从没有一张纸比女人割我还深)
Leonard : What happened now ?
Sheldon : Amy has ended our relationship.(艾米跟我分手了)
Leonard : Oh , no .Seriously ? (不是把,真的吗?)
Penny : What's going on ?
Leonard : Amy broke up with Sheldon .(艾米甩了Sheldon)
Penny : She did ?(真的吗?)
Sheldon : Is Penny crying?(Penny泪崩了吗?)
Leonard : No.
Sheldon : No , of course not .They thrive on our suffering .(她当然不会哭啦 , 女人巴不得看到我们受折磨)
Leonard : Body , I'm so sorry .Is there anything I can do ?(我能为你做点什么吗?)
Sheldon : Yes , If I ever talk about going out with a girl again ,(能,以后我再说我要跟女生交往) roll your eyes at me .(你就对我翻白眼)
			Like I do to you when you say dumb things .(就像我听到你说蠢话时那样)
Leonard : Sheldon , uh , okay, just because you're going through this with Amy.(虽然Amy让你难过了)
		doesn't mean that all women are bad .(并不代表所有女人都很坏)
Sheldon : Whatever .
Penny : Hey , I just heard about you and Sheldon . Are you okay?(我刚刚听说你跟Sheldon的事,你还好吗?)
Amy : Not really .(不太好)Can you come over?(你能过来陪我吗?)
Penny : Uh , actually I'm in Vegas.(我现在在拉斯维加斯)
		Leonard and I are about to get married .(我跟Leonard准备要结婚了)
					(be about to 准备要做...)
Amy : Hold on .  You're getting married and you didn't invite me ?(你们结婚居然没有邀请我)
Penny : Well , it was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing.(我们只是一时心血来潮)
Amy : Well , Hope I can catch the bouquet frome here . (希望我能从这里接到你的花束)
Penny : Amy , don't be like that . (别这样嘛)
Sheldon : Why did I just hear Amy's name ?(为什么我听到有人说Amy的名字)
Leonard : Penny's on the phone with her .(Penny在跟她通电话)
Sheldon : Did she say anything about me ?(她有提到我吗?)
			Never mind . I don't care . (算了,我不在乎)
			Well , if you care , you can find out and tell me .(如果你在乎,你可以问清楚告诉我)
			Just don't be shocked when you find out that I don't care .(但你发现我压根不在乎时,别太惊讶哦)
Penny : Okay , will you relax ? (你别激动好吗?)
		You're not missing anything special.(你才没错过什么大事)
Sheldon : Hey ? (怎么说话的?)
Penny : She's upset.(她心情不好嘛)Look , it's gonna be a great wedding . (婚礼肯定会很赞的)
		Look at you in your little suit .(瞧你一身小西装)
Sheldon : Amy's upset ? Is it about me ?(Amy心情不好是因为我吗?)
Leonard : No , I think it's because we're eloping[ɪ'lop] .(不,我想是因为我们私奔来结婚)
Sheldon : Your marriage is causing her pain ?(你的婚礼让她难受了吗?)
			Yeah , great , I take it back .(太好了,我手绘之前的话)
			Go ahead and do it . Yay for love !(快去结婚吧,爱情万岁)
